refactor(disruption): use fixed maxUnavailable (#639)
topfreegames/maestro: docs/reference/Scheduler.md

- **name**: Name of the port. Facilitates on recognition;
- **protocol**: Port protocol. Can be UDP, TCP or SCTP.;
- **port**: The port exposed.
- **hostPortRange**: The [port range](#portrange) for the port to be allocated in the host. Mutually exclusive with the port range configured in the root structure.

#### PDB Max Unavailable

A string value that defines the disruption budget of Game Rooms from a specific scheduler.
Maestro will create a [PDB Resource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/)
to prevent evictions drastically impacting availability of the Game Rooms.

> By default this value is set to 10%, so at worst runtime can evit 10% of the pods. There is no way to control

Reviewer: wdyt about adding a ref link to the configuration?

Author: Do you mean the kubernetes configuration doc or maestro yaml/env configuration?

Author: I've added a document specifying the order of precedence in Maestro configuration, also there's a link to kubernetes

> By default this value is set to 10%, so at worst runtime can evit 10% of the pods. There is no way to control
> what pods will be evicted - if it prefers ready, pending, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, this value is set to 5%, so at worst runtime can evict 5% of the pods. There is no way to control
what pods will be evicted - if it prefers ready, pending, etc.
```

it's 5% right?

Author: Right, thanks!
